Young Master
Everything is arranged.
It's foolproof.
The border situation has changed.
Stabilizing the rear
admits no delay.
Perfect.
I want to help Qingqiu save the Leng Family.
Mr. Gu.
The Chairman invites you in.
Please.
After you.
Why is Lu Chengwen here?
If you're setting me up,
I'll kill you.
Feel free to show off your charm.
I'll help you get back on track.
Mr. Gu, right?
For the sake of my future son-in-law,
I'll give you 30 seconds.
President Leng.
Haicheng will build an
Amusement City costing 30 billion.
This news...
You know about it, right?
You have 20 seconds left.
Gu Zhantian is about to show off.
In a satisfying novel, a hype man is usually needed at this point.
Green leaves to complement the flowers.
Leave it to me.
I can use two billion
to secure the land in advance.
No.
It's us.
Two billion?
The starting price for that land was four billion.
Now he can get it for two billion.
The resources he can mobilize behind the scenes...
Unimaginable.
Mr. Gu.
Come.
Please, have a seat.
Regarding this matter,
please explain it in detail.
Great hype.
We can use the two-billion land as shares.
Once the Amusement City is built,
our annual dividends
can reach one billion.
With such a huge investment,
we can break even in two years.
A business like this,
let alone in Haicheng,
is hard to find anywhere else in the country.
It won't take two years.
One year is enough.
We can contract the construction project.
By then,
it can bring profits in the early stage.
One year?
These builders in Haicheng
are somewhat tied to local factions.
For him to swallow such a big piece of meat,
could he have already incorporated those factions?
In this way,
our Leng Family will be completely revived.
No more predicaments.
Hahaha.
Why is there such a comfortable rhythm?
Strange.
I'll help you win over this Leng Tianhao first.
Once you pass his test,
you can continue
your romantic route with your Qingqiu.
Then I'll be at ease.
Darn it.
I got carried away.
I forgot to mute my phone.
This project
can indeed revive our Leng Family.
But I have a question.
Mr. Gu,
what do you want out of this?
Qingqiu,
I'm doing all this
just for you.
I know
revitalizing Qianfeng has always been your dream.
I brought this news today
hoping to help you save the Leng Family.
I hope you
won't jump into a fire pit.
A fire pit?
How dare you!
Don't think just because you stumbled upon
a profitable deal,
you can belittle me.
I have plenty of
business deals here.
Chengwen,
what projects do you have?
This old fox wants a bite of every dish.
Then I'll let you taste a spoiled one.
I have a large-scale project here.
The old town construction project in the south.
The south city project?
It takes a long time,
requires huge investment,
and has low profit.
If that's not a fire pit, what is?
Chengwen,
the Lu family's funds
can't withstand such a drain, right?
Lu Chengwen,
are you putting on this act
just to avoid me?
Don't you understand my feelings?
Dad,
I think Brother Chengwen makes sense.
I plan to
co-invest in Brother Chengwen's south city project.
What?
Did it backfire?
Qingqiu,
the south city project is very complicated.
Besides,
you know nothing about the infrastructure industry.
Do I need to know that much?
Isn't it enough that Brother Chengwen knows?
Nonsense!
Who doesn't know that's a trap?
I disagree.
Dad,
you were the one who told me to marry into the Lu family.
You also told me yourself
that the survival of the enterprise
and the rise and fall of the family
are more important than my personal happiness.
I have a marriage contract with Brother Chengwen.
He is my future husband.
So I trust him unconditionally.
Is there a problem?
Why do you disagree?
You useless thing!
Dad,
over the years,
I've made our Qianfeng Group
one of the largest enterprises in Haicheng.
But the moment I displease you slightly,
I become a useless thing.
Then I'll be willful just this once.
I just want to trust Brother Chengwen.
If he wants to trap me,
I'll let him trap me.
If he wants to harm me,
I'll let him harm me.
If he wants to sell me for money,
then I'll set a good price for myself.
This...
How did this turn into a father-daughter drama?
Lu Chengwen,
what exactly do you have on her
to make her jump into your fire pit?
I'll go talk to her.
President Leng,
I'll take my leave.
Lu Chengwen
You still haven't given up.
Still trying to trick Leng Qingqiu.
Are you hoping that after the Leng Family completely falls,
you can acquire Qianfeng Group at a low price?
By then, both Qianfeng Group and Leng Qingqiu
will become your playthings.
Am I right?
No!
It's a misunderstanding.
Brother Zhantian.
I brought up the Chengnan project to help you!
Who knew Leng Qingqiu's stubborn temper would flare up
and she'd act like this?
Help me?
What an insult to human nature.
Villains here just exist to make you protagonists look good.
That's the only way to show how brilliant you are.
Anyway,
I'll help you persuade Leng Qingqiu to come back.
Let her cool down a bit.
You just keep helping her invest in that
Amusement City project.
What novel?
What protagonist?
This man is full of tricks.
I definitely can't let him live.
It's...
so cold.
What are you doing?
I'm so cold.
If you're not cold,
lend me your clothes.
Are you crazy?
Leng Qingqiu.
Your name...
sounds cold just hearing it.
Plus, you're an iceberg beauty.
Sitting next to you,
and when you get mad,
it's like falling into an Antarctic iceberg.
The ice has melted.
You're never serious.
Lu Chengwen,
do you think the South City project can make money?
To be honest,
only someone out of their mind would invest in that project.
Then why did you sound so confident?
How was I supposed to know you'd actually invest?
I didn't expect it either.
It was just a moment of...
getting emotional.
You were pissed off by your dad.
I wasn't really angry.
I was just very disappointed in my dad.
When I have some free time,
I'll help you
teach him a lesson.
I used to admire him a lot when I was little,
and I always learned from him.
But he never praised me.
Later, I finally understood
that Qianfeng is his real child.
I'm nothing but a tool.
When I was in college,
he arranged for me
to meet the son of a shipping tycoon.
I was young back then,
so I accepted that man.
But in the end,
when I was ready to give my all
to that man,
I found out
he actually wanted to secretly film me,
and use those videos
to blackmail me
and plot for my family's fortune.
No wonder you hated me so much before.
What kind of videos was he secretly filming?
Well, if I were your dad,
I'd pay someone
to take him out.
He called me an idiot
for almost letting someone get leverage over me.
It's okay.
You don't need to worry about me.
I'm very strong.
I've already moved on.
Lu Chengwen,
take a walk with me.
Qingqiu,
I think
the Amusement City project is really good.
With Gu Zhantian's help,
I believe
the Leng Family will soon
be able to turn things around.
Since that project is so good,
why don't you invest in it?
I'm really planning to invest in
the South City construction project.
I don't have any extra money
to invest in anything else.
Are you really going to invest in that project?
I thought you were just talking nonsense.
Then I want to join you
in investing in South City.
Qingqiu,
the South City project has huge risks.
Our Lu Family can afford the loss,
but your Leng Family can't afford it!
I know.
But I still want to join you.
No,
but why?
I think I...
I've fallen for you.
Say that again.
I said...
I...
have fallen for you.
You've fal...
fallen for me?
I know...
I used to be...
very cold to you.
And very annoyed.
But as you know...
I don't know why,
but I can hear your inner thoughts.
I realized you're a good person.
Not the kind of good that gets friend-zoned.
But...
Anyway,
if you're willing,
starting from now,
I am your girlfriend.
As for the engagement,
if you think it's too rushed,
we can take it slow.
We can start by just dating.
And then...
Brother Chengwen?
Brother Chengwen!
Say something, Brother Chengwen!
Hello?
Is this 120?
Someone fainted here.
I just confessed my feelings to him,
and he suddenly collapsed.
Like he just crashed.
No,
no need to contact a funeral home!
Just send an ambulance quickly!
Where?
It's just a very long corridor.